[RLlib] Documentation do-over 01: Announce new API stack as alpha; add hints to all RLlib pages; describe how to use it in new page. (#44090)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/rllib/rllib-new-api-stack.rst

PPO (single- or multi-agent) or SAC (single-agent), you should give it a shot.

In the following section, we'll list some very good reasons to cut over.

There are also a few indicators against using it at this early stage:

1) You are using a custom :py:class:`~ray.rllib.models.modelv2.ModelV2` class and are not interested right now in moving it into the new :py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.rl_module.rl_module.RLModule` API.
1) You are using a custom :py:class:`~ray.rllib.policy.policy.Policy` class (e.g. with a custom loss function and are not interested right now in moving it into the new :py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner.Learner` API.
1) You are using custom :py:class:`~ray.rllib.connector.connector.Connector` classes and are not interested right now in moving them into the new :py:class:`~ray.rllib.connector.connector_v2.ConnectorV2` API.

If any of the above applies to you, simply stay put for now, continue running with the old API stack, and cut over to the new
stack whenever you feel ready to re-write some (small) part of your code.

Comparison to the Old API Stack
-------------------------------

> Here is a quick comparison table listing features and design choices from the new- vs the old API stack:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This table compares features and design choices between the new and old API stack:
```

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 40 40 40

   * -
     - **New API Stack**
     - **Old API Stack**
   * - Reduced code complexity (for beginners and advanced users)
     - 5 user-facing classes (`AlgorithmConfig`, `RLModule`, `Learner`, `ConnectorV2`, `Episode`)
     - 8 user-facing classes (`AlgorithmConfig`, `ModelV2`, `Policy`, `build_policy`, `Connector`, `RolloutWorker`, `BaseEnv`, `ViewRequirement`)
   * - Classes are usable outside of RLlib
     - Yes
     - Partly

>    * - Separation-of-concerns design (e.g. during sampling, only action must be computed)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * - Separation-of-concerns design (e.g., during sampling, only action must be computed)
```

     - Yes
     - No
   * - Distributed/scalable sample collection
     - Yes
     - Yes
   * - Full 360° read/write access to (multi-)agent trajectories
     - Yes
     - No
   * - Multi-GPU & multi-node/multi-GPU
     - Yes
     - Yes & No

>    * - Support for shared (multi-agent) model components (e.g. communication channels, shared value functions, etc..)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * - Support for shared (multi-agent) model components (e.g., communication channels, shared value functions, etc.)
```

     - Yes
     - No

>    * - Env vectorization via `gym.vector.Env`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * - Env vectorization with `gym.vector.Env`
```
